on television more atmosphere in
chihuahua the rains have left a
wake of gauss after several
homes were totally destroyed
this is the sunrise in jiménez chihuahua
for many it is only the beginning of
one more day but it's not like that for
families who lost their homes by
the currents that caused the
torrential rains finished with their
heritage
the water arrived
everything was spoiled
fluvial rainfall lasted more than
60 continuous hours which caused that
several of the houses will fall completely
Such is the case of Don Carlos in all
the days search through the rubble for their
belongings and material that could
used to raise new account
your home and look what happened today to
suddenly when we wanted, we could not
rescue nothing because it was too much water
one hit
the affected families were sheltered
in the municipal gym for days this
place has been home to 280 people
we have what is medical care
we also have what activity is
recreational for the same people and
Well, we really are all together
hymens supporting this type of
activities that we are not prepared
practically
several of those affected have returned to
their houses but not all the houses
are apt to inhabit them so
now there is uncertainty because
security issues some do not know
he allowed them to return
simply that it is to sleep not of
so much judgment already seen at night is
where else does not have a single salt
and forced there because they have me borrowed
it's not mine the house the damages are
the municipal authority and
state promised they will be allocated
resources for those affected from support
food and relocation for those who
they are in high risk areas
although it is already several days that
the rains affected this area of ​​the
state of chihuahua the currents
continue to affect homes and
plantings for group multimedia image
salvador gómez from our channel
youtube so you're always informed
of the latest news from Mexico and the
world starts right now by clicking
to these videos